hello everybody this is Fernando for
gentle a movie news I thought I would
create yet another cryptid in monsters
video this time focusing on a small
twist where previously my cryptids and
monsters actually dealt with creatures
and animals this time it has a humanoid
twist and we're talking about the
cryptids known as the melon heads very
fascinating story I found this on
various websites and I was able to read
several quote-unquote user listings of
experiences that people had with this
but these melon heads essentially the
story goes is this there's two areas or
three in some cases that the melon heads
lurk around in the US and what they are
are essentially small humanoids with
giant bulbous heads hence the name melon
heads and the legends go that if you go
to these areas you can go to a lake town
lake town township in Michigan or you
can go areas in Ohio especially if you
go to the Cleveland summer
kirtland or if you go to Connecticut you
can see you know some of the Quantico
melon heads in Fairfield County
Connecticut and legend goes if you go to
these places and you spend several
nights in the woods there because they
all have to do with woods they generally
don't have maybe some dirt roads nearby
but that's about it that eventually
you'll see these melon heads approaching
you and the reason for it is they're
either going to attack you or they're as
interested in you as you are in them so
here's how the urban legend goes
these melon heads were essentially
children that were under the care of an
asylum or some doctor that worked at an
asylum and they were thought to have
these giant heads because they were
filled with water they have traditional
term is hydro cephalus the scientific
term for
which causes a larger amount a larger
size of your head because you have more
water or more fluids inside your head
think of essentially like like a gray
alien except with human eyes and a mouth
and you would essentially have a melon
head and in any case they were abused by
this by the physicians there or by the
people they were by this doctor who goes
by the name of dr. Crowe and that when
they finally had enough they decided to
escape in some cases of the urban legend
they killed some of the personnel there
they killed the doctor and they ran off
into the woods and they did would just
hide there waiting to see you know if
anybody wanted to come by and those that
did that would get a good surprise
regarding a visit by these melon heads
very fascinating stuff some of the user
accounts that I was reading I mean just
type in melon heads the counter on
Google and you'll see what I mean you'll
hear about people that have visited
these places and one one was describing
that they were visiting one of these
woods and on the first night didn't
really see much don't see anything other
than hearing what animals would be but
on the second night when it began
raining the same area where they were at
before they heard somebody approaching
and during various flashes of lightning
P saw would appear to be a small
humanoid or a small human with a large
head staring at them and then the sound
of a giant crash caused them nearby near
the area conscient to just run and flee
away and get a get out of there I think
of it like wrong turn the movie wrong
turn but instead of having cannibals you
have small humanoids with giant heads
you know doing something who knows
attacking people for whatever purpose we
don't know but that's how the legend
goes quite a freaky thing because the
legend also continues that if you visit
the asylum that's there which is called
the junction insane asylum in Michigan
people see shadows of ghosts or
something
and habit that mansion itself that
recreate the torture that was happening
to these children or in some cases
recreate the torture that the children
did on the people that were mistreating
them so quite a fascinating unreal
engine on their yields as you seen right
now you've seen various pictures of the
locations that I'm talking about
among the various pictures of
descriptions of how these melon heads
look like quite a freaky thing this
would freak me out if I was in the
middle of nowhere
say in a desert and I knew I heard
something and then to see something like
this then it would it would be quite a
freaky side I'll be running out of there
just like those other people as soon as
possible a tragic turn as well because
if the legends go as is then these were
just people that were just trying to
escape trying to get away from all the
hurt that they were experiencing but in
doing so they created infamous an infamy
between them N and turn attracting more
people out there so if you're in
Michigan or if you're in Ohio or if
you're in Connecticut and you have the
stomach for it by all means visit those
places look them up on Wikipedia you'll
see what I'm talking about
and then see what you can find out you
know spend a couple nights in these
places and see what happens but
otherwise that's my latest video
melonhead's hope everybody's enjoyed it
have a good day right